Previously on Homeland...
Now I have to figure out
what happened to Quinn.
What do you mean?
I thought he was with you.
He was.
And then he wasn't.
He just disappeared.
Am I under arrest?
That's something of
an open question
at the moment.
I'm not asking you
to believe me,
but you don't want me
on the sidelines, not now.
I want you to know I don't
believe what they say about you.
Jonas, he's here.
Faisal Marwan.
One of the prisoners released
from Plotzensee Prison.
Did you hear anyone
talk about jihad?
Once I overheard
about an attack in Berlin.
DURING:
Mr. Berenson, we've come
across an individual
who may have information
about the attack.
Will you give me your word
that he'll be treated fairly?
BND.
(urgent chatter in German)
No! No! No!
I need to talk to Al-Amin,
the Hezbollah commander
living underground
here in Berlin.
You killed my son
in Beirut.
I will fight you forever.
...once again be highest.
We give the U.N.
Security Council 24 hours
to recognize the legitimacy
of our Islamic State.
Otherwise, a terrible justice
will be unleashed
on a European city.
ADAL:
The victim is one of ours.
He penetrated a terror
cell here in Berlin.
What he reported was a group of
jihadis on their way to Syria.
The leader had an uncle there,
he said:
Abu Al-Qaduli.
ALLISON:
His name's Bibi Hamed.
32 years old, born in Hamburg
to Syrian immigrants.
ADAL:
Where is he now?
ALLISON: Unclear.
We don't have time for his lies.
I Swear it wasn't me! You're my
brothers!!
(camera clicks)
(gasps)
He's alive.
(woman speaking German)
♪ ♪
CARRIE: Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
MALE REPORTER: The Islamic State
ISIS proclaimed itself
to be a worldwide caliphate
with authority over...
...redraw the map
in the Middle East.
FEMALE REPORTER:
The soldiers are hackers,
the battlefield is online,
and it's not a matter of...
Edward Snowden is a coward.
...extremely disappointed
that the Russian government
would take this step.
LAURA: It's against the law,
it's against the fucking law.
CARRIE: All that suffering,
and nothing changes.
CROCKER:
Is our strategy working?
(woman speaking German)
(phone disconnect signal beeps)
(man speaking foreign language)
SAUL:
I actually convinced myself
we were gonna change the world.
QUINN:
Carrie will never be free.
CARRIE: Spend my life on
the run, give up my daughter?
JONAS: I don't know how
you live with yourself.
AL-AMIN:
I will fight you forever.
CARRIE:
Who's after me?
JONAS: So many people,
so much blood on your hands.
DOCTOR:
The enzyme's
reactivation half-life
can extend to hours, even days.
The only reason he's alive
is the atropine in his system.
When might we reasonably expect
him to regain consciousness?
Reasonably?
He's in respiratory failure
due to acute hypoxia.
We need him awake.
And I'm telling you
he is in a coma for a reason.
SAUL:
I don't think
you understand.
This man was in the
company of terrorists
planning a mass-casualty
attack here in Berlin
in less than six hours.
Believe me, I'm aware.
He may have vital information
that could stop that
from happening.
And the minute he is conscious,
we will let you know.
Is there a procedure
for waking him up?
Not one I would recommend,
but it would depend
on the extent
of the damage to his brain.
And I would have to do an MRI
first to make that assessment.
And if he is a candidate,
what are the risks?
Massive seizure,
cerebral hemorrhage.
Death.
♪ ♪
Waste of time.
Hey, Dar Adal wants you there,
that can't be a bad thing.
It's horseshit.
The intelligence community
patting itself on the back.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Wait and see what happens
if this attack comes off.
We'll all be pointing fingers
at each other
and covering
our asses.
(car beeps)
Oh, damn it.
What?
Meter maid
from hell.
Doesn't she see
the diplomatic plates,
for Christ's sake?
(engine starts)
(speaking German)
Guten Tag.
I'm gonna use the bathroom.
I'll wait
for you here.
Ever vigilant.
♪ ♪
(water running)
So...
you understand your
instructions, I hope.
Who are you, please?
Erna Richter.
Of?
The German Foreign Office.
By way of Moscow Center,
Second Directorate.
Yeah?
Well, somebody's lost
their mind over there.
Completely.
Meaning?
Meaning I won't do
what you're asking.
We thought that might
be your response.
You will do what is required.
No, I will not.
I wouldn't even know
where to start.
Perhaps you weren't listening
carefully enough.
With the name we provided you.
The professor at TU Berlin.
Yes. Dr. Aman Aziz.
What makes you
so sure he's involved?
Because we've had
our eye on him
ever since the chemicals
went missing in Syria.
He's definitely
part of the plot here.
And yet you... said nothing,
did nothing to stop it?
And how do you propose
I get to him
without drawing attention
to myself?
I wouldn't worry about that.
About what, getting caught?
It's not
a concern.
This will be
your last assignment.
What?
You're damaged goods.
We're pulling you
from the field.
That's a mistake.
I can rehabilitate myself.
Already, I've talked my way
back in this far.
You will never be fully trusted.
And we will never fully trust
the information
you are given access to.
Wait a minute, damn it.
Take your hands
off me.
The Kremlin can't seriously want
this attack to go forward.
They do.
And you will see to it
that it does.
It's obscene.
Civilization
is facing an existential threat.
The West needs a wake-up call.
I agree,
but not like this.
Radical Islam
must be eradicated,
root and branch.
My premier understands this.
Bashar al-Assad understands.
Only your president
does not.
I won't do it.
Then you forfeit
your millions of dollars,
your dacha on the Black Sea,
the renown of what
you've accomplished.
All that you would trade
for ten years
in a basement office
back at Langley,
if you're lucky.
If not...
twice that long
in federal prison.
♪ ♪
ADLER:
And I am personally gratified
by the level of cooperation
among our various services.
Professional grievances
and, in some cases,
national interests
have been put aside
in a unified effort
to stop this attack.
Time is short,
so we'll start with Dar Adal,
who has the latest information
on the hunt for Bibi Hamed.
Then Anton Lenkov
of the SVR will discuss
the origin and potency of
the chemical weapon itself.
Ladies and gentlemen, Dar Adal.
Thank you, Herr Adler.
Since we identified Bibi Hamed
early this morning,
we know a lot more about him.
A graduate of al-Qaeda training
camps in Yemen and the Sudan,
he's fully
surveillance-conscious,
weapons-smart and schooled
in how to incite
his fellow Muslims
to commit acts of terror.
(ventilator hissing,
monitor beeping)
Say the word.
(raspy breathing)
(breathing quiets)
Start the Cholodine drip.
NURSE:
Starting Cholodine drip.
Eight milligrams
per hour.
DOCTOR:
We should know
fairly quickly
if the drug will
have any effect.
Quinn...
Quinn, it's me, Carrie.
I need you to open
your eyes now, okay?
Can you hear me?
It's really important
you wake up.
I need to talk to you.
Listen to my voice.
Follow it to the surface.
I'm here, waiting for you.
(monitor beeping slowly)
Electrical activity is rising.
It's up from 11 waves
per second to... 19.
No, 23 waves per second.
Hey. Hey!
Quinn?
Quinn, look at me.
Can you hear me?
Quinn.
Tell me what the target is.
Tell me where
the attack is
going to happen.
Keep him awake, Colonel.
But, sir, I...
I said,
keep him awake.
Give him an amp of epi.
Now, please.
Yes, sir,
prepping the line.
(gasps)
Quinn?
Quinn, look at me.
Quinn.
You're at Landstuhl
Medical Center.
You're safe.
Blink if you can hear me.
You penetrated
a terrorist cell.
They're planning an attack
here in Berlin.
I need to know where.
(quiet, raspy breathing)
Louder, Quinn. I-I can't
make out what you're saying.
(retches)
NURSE: He's going into
respiratory arrest.
DOCTOR: Stand back, please.
Sir, please.
Check pulse.
DOCTOR:
Clear his airway.
NURSE:
80/60. He's decerebrating.
DOCTOR:
Lower the oxygen.
NURSE 2:
Ten liters and running.
NURSE 3:
He's on HiFLO 2 right now.
NURSE 1: Pupils
fixed and dilated.
Apneic. 90/70.
DOCTOR: Alkanize his urine, get
him ready for hemoperfusion.
I need CBC, lytes.
Call neuro.
NURSE 3:
Copy that. CBC,
lytes. Call neuro.
NURSE 1:
I need the endotracheal
tube and the Ambu bag.
NURSE 2:
Got the Ambu bag.
I'll start bagging.
NURSE 3:
We're running his line
wide open.
(monitors beeping rapidly)
Maybe you've got the wrong
sequence.
No. It's a software glitch.
I can't get the signal to
transmit.
You tested the triggering system
with Dr, Aziz.
And it worked fine.
And now you're saying we can't
release the gas.
Not remotely, no.
We still have five hours before
that deadline.
Can you fix it in time?
I can try?
but the code may be incompatible
with Dr. Aziz's design.
Then call Dr. Aziz.
I did.
He's teaching a lab.
Plus he'd have to reconfigure
the device manually.
I'll take it to him myself.
Give it to me.
You shouldn't be wandering
around the University.
None of us should. We're all on
the watchlist.
No.
Not all of us.
Qasim.
Come with me.
This is the trigger
for the canisters.
It's not working.
You need to bring it
to Dr. Aziz.
Me?
You're the only one of us
who's not on the watch list,
who won't be stopped
and searched.
You need to wait
till he's done fixing that,
then come right back here.
You're trusting me.
I trust that
you love your mother.
Don't look away, Qasim.
Look at me, so I can see
you understand what I'm saying.
Dr. Aziz is in faculty housing
on campus.
Block A,
room 15.
WOMAN (over P.A.):
Respiratory tech
to Treatment Room 7.
Respiratory tech to
Treatment Room 7.
Well, he's stable.
Thank God.
We got lucky.
Based on what
happened in there,
has his prognosis
changed at all?
Well, it's hard to say.
It hasn't gotten any better,
I can tell you that.
SAUL:
Thank you, Doctor.
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
Well... I got to get back.
Of course.
You're staying here, I assume.
No.
No?
We know the atropine
saved his life,
but that's not
the only thing.
What do you mean?
His bullet wound.
A surgical drain was inserted
into his abdomen
to treat the sepsis.
Whoever did that had
serious medical training.
You're thinking
it's the same person?
I'm thinking there's
a Good Samaritan out there,
probably not too happy about
what he's been seeing
on television lately.
That's an interesting theory.
I'll pass it along.
Why not let me run it down?
I mean, it's not exactly
the tip of the spear,
and I can't just sit here
and do nothing.
(cell phone ringing)
Okay, but check in every
step of the way.
I will.
Hello.
Mr. Berenson, you assured me
Faisal Marwan would be
treated fairly and with respect.
Instead, he was just arrested,
forced into a car
like a common criminal.
Now even his lawyer
can't get access to him.
I don't have to tell you,
we're facing a major threat.
I know what we are facing.
I'm talking about you and me,
what your word is worth.
I don't tell the BND what to do.
I gave them a heads-up
Marwan was coming in,
that's all.
I thought I could trust you
because...
because Carrie Mathison
trusts you.
Was I wrong?
No.
Well, then I expect you
to make this right.
Okay.
I'm on my way to the BND now.
I'll see what I can do.
And you said his lawyer could be
present during all questioning.
I said, I'll see what I can do.
Oliver.
I spoke to Berenson.
He's going to check
on Marwan now.
Will Jonas get access to him?
I hope.
Don't have an answer on that.
(sighs)
Great.
We've still got three
hours to the deadline.
I pray it comes
to nothing,
but until then, I must ask you
to keep a low profile.
Your version of a gag order?
Never thought
I'd see the day, Otto.
Come on, Laura, I'm just asking
you to show some sensitivity
in a difficult time.
I am sensitive.
It's just a hell of a lot
more difficult for Marwan,
is what I'm saying.
I know,
but we have
to be careful.
Your reputation is on the line,
and so is the Foundation's.
Is that clear?
Yes.
Good.
(safe beeps)
(dialing)
(line rings)
NUMAN:
Hello.
Numan, it's me.
Laura, hey.
Were you able to get
the documents back,
download them off
Carrie's laptop like you said?
Yeah. She never
suspected a thing.
All 1,361 of them?
Yep. Why?
If anything happens to me...
I want them to be released.
What do you mean,
if anything happens to you?
You know, if I'm arrested
or... whatever.
Laura, what's going on?
Nothing.
Don't tell me "nothing."
What are you planning?
Look, it's better
if you don't know.
Just release the documents,
if it comes to that.
Don't worry about vetting them
like the last time.
The important thing is
just get them out there.
Go big.
Blow the damn lid off.
Then wipe your shit clean,
leave no trace.
You got it.
Thank you, Numan.
I mean that.
Born in Dresden,
raised in Hamburg,
presumably where
he met Bibi Hamed.
Their fathers worked
together at the port there,
unloading
container ships.
Who are we talking about?
The body we discovered
with Peter Quinn
at the old Dorofeev barracks.
Name's Zaheer al-Sherali.
A student, huh?
Enrolled at TU Berlin.
The Universitat der Technik?
Although he was behind
on his tuition payments,
according to
the registrar,
and hadn't been to classes
in over three months.
Well, I know two women
on the faculty there.
How's that?
They consult with us
on EU economic issues.
Happy to reach out to them
if you want.
Your call.
Just as happy to go back
to the station.
Either way, I don't go
anywhere these days
without my bodyguard.
(doorbell rings)
Hello.
Will you tell Al-Amin
I'm sorry to disturb him,
but it's urgent
that I speak with him?
Al-Amin?
Yes.
I don't know anybody
by that name.
Please.
I mean him no harm.
I'm not the police.
Wait here.
Quickly.
This way. Follow me.
How dare you
invade my home?
Commander...
Who's coming here?
Federal Police, the BND, Mossad?
No one.
No one?
If no one's coming,
then I'll kill you
with my own hands.
Well, go ahead.
But I am here alone,
and no one knows
that I'm here.
(car doors closing outside)
What was that?
(engine starts outside)
My wife taking the children
to safety, as instructed.
I'm sorry. There was no time
to warn you I was on my way.
What do you want?
Information.
About this terror
cell making threats.
So now I am part of a plot
to gas people
in the capitals of Europe?
Are you?
No.
Do you know who is?
But if I did know them, I would
tell them they were idiots.
Why's that?
America's on the run,
Israel isolated;
now's not the time to be
rallying the world
against Muslims.
So you'll help me.
I didn't say that.
You're fighting the Islamic
State in Syria; why not here?
Strange times
for Hezbollah, I admit.
You are soldiers involved
in a political struggle.
These are zealots prophesizing
the arrival of the Mahdi
and a countdown
to the Apocalypse.
Like I said, idiots.
Scum.
I'm looking for a man.
Somebody with-with
medical training--
possibly a doctor,
possibly operating
an unlicensed clinic somewhere
in or around Kreuzberg.
Why?
He saved my friend.
He-he might
know something.
I mean, why should I help you?
Honestly, I don't know.
Maybe because you did the
right thing once before.
Maybe because
you lost a son.
Maybe because more fathers
will lose their sons
if we don't stop this thing.
There is such a man.
Sees patients
in his apartment.
The poor,
mostly refugees.
Pay what you can.
What's his name?
He's no jihadi, though.
What is his name?
Hussein.
Saul.
You've come from
seeing Peter Quinn?
Yes.
How's he doing?
He regained consciousness,
briefly.
Did he say anything?
He tried to.
It's not looking good.
Damage is, uh... extensive.
(whispers):
Anyway.
You want to see Marwan?
Yes.
Why pull him
off the street?
He was about
to give himself up.
We were worried During might try
something at the last minute.
He hasn't exactly been
cooperative in the past.
(shivering breaths)
SAUL:
Biometrics?
Is that really necessary?
Looks scared
out of his mind.
We were getting
nowhere,
so the interrogator
decided to change it up.
I want to talk to him.
Adler will not agree.
Does Adler have to know?
Let's try it my way, then.
Give him his
clothes back,
put him in a nice
office, nice cup of tea.
Tea?
Make it spearmint--
he's Moroccan.
Plenty of sugar.
♪ ♪
(whispers):
Professor Aziz.
Not here.
You shouldn't be here.
I made it perfectly clear.
I couldn't have been
clearer with Bibi.
Bibi is the one
who sent me.
What is it?
The signal is
not transmitting.
I gave Utku
instructions.
I'm not a technical person,
so I can't say what's wrong.
Utku wrote it down.
(beeping)
Bibi wants me to tell him
how long this will take.
I'll know more
after I run a diagnostic.
SAUL: You haven't
touched your tea.
I don't want tea.
I want to go back
to my sister's.
That's not gonna happen
unless you start cooperating.
What more can I do?
I've answered the same questions
over and over again.
Well, even I'm
starting to believe
you know something
you're not saying.
You were in prison with these
guys for over a year and a half.
I was in prison
with one of them.
One man, Hajik Zayd.
All right.
Before that...
you sold cell phones
to the others.
To some of the others, yes.
Well, nobody spends
all that time
with their eyes closed,
hands over their ears.
Come on, think I'm an idiot?
I told you, I heard four words.
Das Ziel ist Berlin--
Berlin is the target.
That's all.
Do you want me to make
something else up?
Because I will.
No?
Then tell me what to do. Please.
You know what to do.
Think.
Remember.
I am trying.
Try harder.
I don't know.
'Cause if this attack
goes down...
I can't protect you
from what comes next.
Nobody can.
(knocking on door)
Something you need to see.
It will become
a strictly German matter.
You know better than anybody
what that means.
(door slams)
LAURA: (over TV) ...and is
at this moment being denied
his constitutional
right to counsel.
ANCHOR: But why was he arrested
in the first place?
LAURA:
He wasn't arrested.
Not in the normal sense.
He was rounded up.
And this is the best part.
He'd already volunteered
to help the investigation.
ANCHOR:
Perhaps that's what
he's doing, then,
helping the BND.
Then why the silence?
Why can't he be reached?
Remember, this man
had already been
illegally imprisoned
once before.
One could argue that
in extraordinary times
the state is justified in
taking extraordinary measures.
LAURA:
I used to believe that.
I really did.
But now,
a decade and a half
into the War on Terror,
it's not so simple.
I've seen my country, and yours,
tear up hard-won civil rights,
suspend habeas corpus,
resort to torture,
extrajudicial killings,
and the wholesale surveillance
of its own citizens.
Has any of it worked?
I don't think so.
In fact, you could argue
it's made things worse.
ANCHOR:
What would work, in your view?
(chuckles)
Yeah, I wish I knew.
How about starting with respect
for the rule of law?
But you must agree it's a tough
time for making that point,
when all of Europe is
in a state of emergency.
Of course it's tough.
Everyone's scared.
I'm scared.
But that can't make us
forget who we are.
Do you honestly think
you can win the argument?
Honestly... no.
So I'm not just making
an argument.
What do you mean?
If I'm not allowed to speak
to Faisal Marwan immediately,
I will release the remaining
1,360 classified documents
in my possession.
ANCHOR: The documents
that were hacked from the CIA?
LAURA:
Yes.
One can only imagine what other
embarrassing revelations
they contain.
(sighing):
Fuck you.
Tell me, are you
acting on your own
or is this with the blessing
of the During Foundation?
No, the Foundation is not
involved in any way.
It's... just me.
ANCHOR:
You're not worried about...
retaliation?
Of course I am.
The documents will
be released regardless.
ANCHOR: We'll take
a short break, then come back
to my unexpected guest,
the American journalist
Laura Sutton.
See what Adler wants
us to do about this.
So, back to Marwan?
(line rings)
(concerned chatter)
ASTRID:
Scheisse.
Well, our Laura Sutton problem
just got worse.
Can we take
a minute here, please?
You deal with Laura Sutton.
I think I've had enough
for one day.
QASIM:
You have kids?
Hmm.
How many?
One son, Ashraf.
Lives in Sidon
with his mother.
Sidon?
It's in Lebanon,
in the south.
(beeping)
How long have
you lived here?
This flat?
In Berlin.
Three years,
ever since I was offered
the teaching position
at the university.
And you're not
at all conflicted?
About what?
Doing what we are doing.
It's just...
this country seems
to have taken you in,
treated you well.
This benevolent country
you talk about, Germany,
it supports the State of Israel
unequivocally.
So when Israel bombed the living
shit out of Lebanon in 2006,
what did the good
Germans do, huh?
They sent troops,
not to help my people
who had been cut to ribbons
by the cluster bombs,
but to defend gallant
little Israel
against a possible
counterattack.
That is why I do what I do.
And the caliphate?
What about it?
Every Muslim must rush
to make his religion victorious.
The winds of faith
have come.
(scoffs)
I'm an atheist.
(knocking on door)
You must go.
You cannot be seen here.
Is it working now?
No. No.
What should
I tell Bibi?
Tell him.... tell him he has to
activate the machine manually.
Here, this way.
(knocking)
Can I help you?
Professor Aziz?
Aman Aziz?
Yes.
I'm Allison Carr.
This is Conrad Fuller.
We're working with
the German Federal Police.
I wonder if we could
talk to you.
About what?
A graduate student of yours,
Zaheer al-Sherali.
Well, I'm his thesis advisor.
Yes, I know.
I'm sorry to have
to tell you this,
but his body was found
earlier this morning.
He's dead.
What?
Do you mind if we come in?
(grunts)
(coughing)
(knocking on door)
Ja?
I need to speak to Dr. Hussein.
What is this about?
I'm from the During Foundation;
maybe you're familiar
with our work in
the neighborhood.
You'll have to wait.
Tell him it's urgent.
There are sick people here.
You'll have to wait your turn.
We understand he'd more or less
dropped out of school.
He was having
difficulties, yes.
What kind of difficulties?
Financial.
Just financial?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
Trouble with a girlfriend, in a
feud with one of his roommates?
Yeah, I wouldn't know
anything about that.
Ours was, uh, an
academic relationship.
I saw him in school
during office hours,
that's it.
Excuse me, what are you
looking for, please?
What are these?
Term projects for
my coding seminar.
You said Zaheer
was found dead.
Is that was this is about?
You suspect foul play?
He was shot in the face.
My God.
Any idea who might
have killed him?
None.
What would you say if I told you
we discovered his body
in the same place
that video was filmed,
the one that's
all over the news?
Were you aware of his
extremist views, Professor?
No, I was not.
Let's talk about your
extremist views.
Last year you gave a sizable
contribution to Al Haq.
Al Haq is an NGO,
anti-Zionist, yes...
Your degree's in applied
mathematics, is it not?
I have a PhD.
But you taught a course
in biochemical engineering
at the American
University in Beirut.
Who did you say
you are again?
Sit down.
You're jumping to conclusions.
Your thesis advisee
is found at the staging area
for an imminent
WMD attack,
you have expertise
in the very technology
the terrorists are
threatening to use.
What other conclusion is there?
I'm a tenured professor,
a German citizen.
Be a good one, then,
and tell me what the target is.
Target? I don't even know
what you're talking about.
Bullshit.
You're making a mistake.
I'm not who you think I am.
Con, give me
your gun.
What are you
doing, Allison?
I'm sick and tired of this
asshole lying through his teeth.
Give me your gun
and call for an arrest team.
What's the target?
I told you,
I don't know.
No, you said before you had no
idea what I was talking about.
Now it seems you do.
You have five seconds
to tell me.
You're not just
going to shoot me.
Five...
four...
You can't.
three...
two...
No! No, no, no, no!
Last chance-- what's the target?
Hauptbahnhof,
Hauptbahnhof.
Today, platform 7.
You're lying.
No, I'm not.
I swear to God I'm not, I'm not.
Hauptbahnhof Station,
the 5:15 to Potsdam. Please.
Please, please, please,
please, please, please.
Okay, okay, stop whimpering.
I believe you.
No! No! No!
♪ ♪
(line ringing)
ASTRID: Hello.
Astrid, help.
Help me, I've been shot.
Allison...
♪ ♪
Oh, fuck!
Fuck...
Fuck.
Geez.
F...
Oh, f...
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
(groaning)
Yes.
I found him on the bank
of the Landwher Canal.
Suicidal, you said.
He was trying to drown himself,
though he was nearly dead
already from the loss of blood.
And you treated him?
Right in this room.
For a man who wanted
to end his life,
I've rarely seen someone
fight so hard to stay alive.
Yeah, that sounds like him.
What was his name?
He never told me.
Quinn.
Peter Quinn.
And to see him
on television
like that...
(exhales)
The world has truly gone mad.
These men who did that to him,
where are they?
You must understand.
They would kill me
and my children
if they knew I was
talking to you.
No one's asking you
to come forward.
Just tell me
where I can find them.
I don't know.
That's the truth.
Until this morning, I believed
they were on their way to Syria,
to join the fight there.
But they were here, right?
Or somewhere close?
I mean... otherwise,
how did Quinn
come into contact with them?
One had an apartment downstairs,
where they would meet.
Would you show me?
(speaking German)
Get the medic up here. Now.
This one's alive.
Allison...
It's BER.
What?
The attack...
the professor told me,
it's BER.
The airport?
5:00.
Hans, get me adler. Now.
(man speaking German)
What operation?
Without a functioning trigger
there is no operation.
I can release the gas manually
from the tunnel.
Bibi, no-
I have protective gear.
Still.
How will you get in?
You're on the watchlist,
they're looking for you.
I'll find a way.
Whatever happens...it is
Gods will.
It's time.
Come on,
let's finish what we started.
SAUL:
Hello.
Saul, it's me.
I found the doctor.
You should get a forensics team
over here right away.
Why is that?
Bibi Hamed has a cousin, Qasim.
I'm standing in his apartment
right now,
looking at a bunch of
urban planning textbooks.
The guy was obsessed
with Hauptbahnhof.
Train station.
Yeah, specifically
the U-Bahn network.
5:00 is rush hour.
It's the perfect time
to hit the subway.
That's good, Carrie,
except BER is the target.
What?
Federal police are evacuating
terminals as we speak.
The chancellor's deploying
the army on German soil--
first time since the war.
Wow.
When did all this happen?
Last 45 minutes or so.
I guess that's...
that's good news.
Yeah.
Provided they get everybody
out in time.
Uh, is there anything I can do?
I don't think so.
Are you sure
it's the airport, Saul?
Damn well better be.
Let me know
when they find something.
Will do.
Where'd they take Allison
to treat her gunshot wound?
Berlin Memorial.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Hurry. It's time.
WOMAN:
Get the ticket.
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
♪ ♪
Okay.
They're going
to take you up now.
No.
No?
I told the doctor
I can't have surgery.
Not now.
First I've heard about it.
I'm a police officer.
We're dealing
with a major threat.
I need to be available
and alert.
Saul.
What's happening?
I'll go get the doctor.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Terminal A is clear.
We're searching the others.
In the meantime,
I want to review
your encounter with Aziz.
Whatever you need.
Did he mention a specific area
within the airport?
I think I would've said, Saul.
Any indication
the weapon might be arriving
on an incoming flight?
No, nothing like that.
And you searched
the apartment?
Uh, Conrad did
while I was questioning Aziz.
What'd he find?
School papers, textbook.
A laptop.
I assume you've been through it?
Clean.
(exhales)
Anything else?
There wasn't
a lot of time, Saul.
We were only there
a few minutes before
Aziz got ahold of Conrad's gun
and started shooting.
How exactly did that happen?
I did a thorough debrief
in the ambulance
on the way here.
I'd like to go over it again.
Of course.
What's this about not
going into surgery?
Who are you?
I-I told the other
doctor, Glickmann,
I can't do it now.
Can't afford to lose her
for the next hour.
Okay.
But I'll have to drain
the wound and repack it.
Otherwise, we're risking
a major infection.
How long will that take?
15 minutes.
Make it ten.
I'll do my best.
Please.
Lie back.
♪ ♪
(man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
♪ ♪
Excuse me?
Where's the security office?
(speaks German)
Danke.
(man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(man speaks German)
(people speaking German)
Hey!
(people shouting in German)
(man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
♪ ♪
Fuck.
I have an emergency.
Can you help me?
What's wrong?
I can't get
a signal here.
Would you take this phone to
the next level and send my text?
I'm sorry, I don't
have time to do that.
Please,
I am a federal officer.
It's a matter of life and death.
May I see some
identification?
The attack on the news?
It's happening here.
You have to do this for me.
You're a crazy person.
Leave me alone.
Excuse me?
Excuse me, please listen.
I have an emergency.
(speaks German)
Okay, do it right
away, okay?
As soon as you get a signal.
Okay.
Thank you. Thank you.
(speaks indistinctly)
♪ ♪
What's going on?
Somebody just jumped down
onto the tracks
and went into
the tunnel.
(phone chimes)
NURSE:
I'm sorry,
can I help you?
(panting)
Woman with the gunshot wound.
Where'd she go?
I don't know. She was just here.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH